Propagate keyring updates of all namespaces to standby nodes (#3409)
openbao/openbao: changelog/3409.txt

```release-note:bug

> core: Properly propagated all namespaces keyring upgrades to standby nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
core: Propagate keyring upgrades of sealable namespaces to standby nodes.
```
